Bitcoin Static
=================

The goal of Bitcoin Static is to create sound money that is usable by everyone
in the world. We believe this is a civilization-changing technology which will
dramatically increase human flourishing, freedom, and prosperity. The project
aims to achieve this goal by implementing a series of optimizations and
protocol upgrades that will enable peer-to-peer digital cash to scale many
orders of magnitude beyond current limits.

What is Bitcoin Cash?
---------------------

Bitcoin Cash is a digital currency that enables instant payments to anyone,
anywhere in the world. It uses peer-to-peer technology to operate with no
central authority: managing transactions and issuing money are carried out
collectively by the network. Bitcoin Cash is a descendant of Bitcoin. It became
a separate currency from the version supported by Bitcoin Core when the two
split on August 1, 2017. Bitcoin Cash and the Bitcoin Core version of Bitcoin
share the same transaction history up until the split.

What is Bitcoin Static?
--------------------

[Bitcoin Static](https://www.bitcoincashnode.org) is the name of open-source
software which enables the use of Bitcoin Cash. It is a descendant of the
[Bitcoin Core](https://bitcoincore.org) and [Bitcoin ABC](https://www.bitcoinabc.org)
software projects.

License
-------

Bitcoin Static is released under the terms of the MIT license. See
[COPYING](COPYING) for more information or see
[https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Development Process
-------------------

Bitcoin Static development takes place at [https://gitlab.com/bitcoin-cash-node/bitcoin-cash-node](https://gitlab.com/bitcoin-cash-node/bitcoin-cash-node)

This Github repository contains only source code of releases.

If you would like to contribute, please contact us directly at
[bitcoincashnode.slack.com](https://bitcoincashnode.slack.com) or [t.me/bitcoincashnode](https://t.me/bitcoincashnode)

Disclosure Policy
-----------------

We have a [Disclosure Policy](DISCLOSURE_POLICY.md) for responsible disclosure
of security issues.

Further info
------------

See [doc/README.md](doc/README.md) for further info on installation, building,
development and more.
